Aloes Compound(50,100,1000)

Description
Aloes Compound is a clinically tested, non-hormonal medicine that helps to regulate menstrual cycles, stimulate ovulation and promote overall menstrual health. This 70 year old ayurvedic formulation offers benefits for menstrual issues such as period cramps, irregular or scanty periods, delayed puberty, infertility and in counteracting the side-effects of contraceptive pills.
In comparison to most herbal products, Aloes Compound is not a physical mixture of ayurvedic ingredients but an ayurvedic formulation of 7 ingredients, each in a specific proportion, based on their benefits and efficacy.
The product is convenient, has no side-effects and is safe for use by teenagers, young adults and unmarried women, where intrusive pelvic examinations and hormonal treatment may not be possible or desirable.

Dosage:
Dosage for Irregular and Scanty Menses, Amenorrhea (absence of menstrual periods) or Delayed Menarche(late event in puberty) :
2 tablets twice or thrice a day for 3-4 months.
(Discontinue when pregnancy is indicated).
Dosage for counteracting withdrawal side-effects of contraceptive pill:   
2 tablets twice or thrice a day (a course of 100 to 200 tablets)
To be repeated as required.
Dosage for Dysmenorrhea (painful menstruation, typically involving abdominal cramps):
2 tablets thrice a day from 3 to 5 days before the expected date of menses till periods begin and pain subsides. To be repeated for 3-4 menstrual cycles.
Dosage for improving fertility and ovulatory stability when pattern and flow are normal:
2 tablets twice a day, starting from 1st day of the menstrual cycle to the 14th day. To be repeated till pregnancy indicated.

ingredient[Aloe Indica,Hirabol,Jivanti,Manjistha,Kamboji,Hurmal,Kasis]

Indication

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ALURETIC Tablet

Description
Ensures sustained diuresis.
Onset of diuresis within one hour of administering first dose of 1-2 tabs. This diuretic effect lasts for 5-6 hours.
Increases output of urine without causing strain or adverse effect on kidneys.
Does not cause bio-chemical, hematological or renal abnormality.
Improves function of Kidneys, Heart, Liver & Lungs.
Regulates urine elimination & excretory functions.
Helps to reduce weight significantly.
It is safe in pregnancy.

Dosage 
1-2 tablets at a time. Maximum 6 tabs. in 24 hours in divided doses. Last dose not to be given late in the evening particularly during initiation of treatment. (Interval between two doses is to be adjusted as per individual requirements).

Indication
OEDEMA : Mild to Moderate
Renal : Insufficiency, Malfunction, Nephritis
Cardiac: Mild to moderate High B.P., congestive heart failure
Pulmonary congestion
Oedema : postural, anaemic
Routine Use: Idiopathic Oedema, late middle & old age when kidney function is diminished.
For short term reduction of intraocular pressure, particularly pre-operative and post-operative.

Ingredient[Guduchi Ghan, Suddha Shilajit, Suddha Guggul, Punarnava, Gokshura, Ikshu Mool, Haldi Daruharida, Suntha, Haritaki, JeshtiMadha, Anantamul, Saunf, Deodar, Bharangi Mul, Kala-kadu, Patola, Nirgundi, Nim Pan, Amala, Pashanbheda, Dusparsha, ErandaMul, Vidanga, Apamarga, Sahianjan, KavachMul, Shankapushpi.]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Arjin Tablet

Description
Arjin is a proven combination of herbo-mineral drugs clinically tested and used since centuries in Cardio-vascular disorders, having diuretic, hypotensive, Liver corrective, sedative, anti-spasmodic, antiarrhythmic, carminative, laxative and anti-obesity properties.
Helps to rectify various factors of mild to moderate BP.
Arjin aims to correct the impaired Cardiac, Renal & Liver (Hepatic) Parenchyma function.
It improves the tone of Cardio-vascular system and calms the nervous system.
Significantly reduces cholesterol levels.

Dosage
2 tablets three or four times a day to begin with. Once the B.P. is controlled and symptoms are relieved, dosage can be adjusted accordingly: 2 tablets once or twice a day

ingredient[
Jatamansi, Malkangi, Suddha Shilajit, Arjun Chhal, Brahmi, Sarapagandha, Trifala, Punarnava, Vachha, Apamarga, Upersari, Kadu White, Kadu Black, Bel Mool, Shatavari, Harde, Guduchi, Bhangara, Tarbuj Beej, Nishotar, Rasna, Guggul, Tunkana Khar, Shora Khar, Gokharu, Sunth, Dash Mool, Amala, Kariyattu, Pitpapara, Rvand Chini, Ganthoda, Khurasani Ajvayan, Pashanbhed.]

Indication
Hypertension (essential).
High B.P. associated with symptoms like giddiness, loss of concentration, sleeplessness etc.
Palpitation of heart.
Neuro circulatory Asthenia.
Angina pectoris associated with hypertension.
As a normotensive therapy after hypertension is controlled.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ayapon Tablet

Description
In General and Dental practice: Immediate use of Ayapon is effective, practically convenient and safe to the patient and physician.
In Dysfunctional Uterine Bleeding controls bleeding,restores normal uterine functions & rhythm of menstrual cycle.
Non-toxic, non-hormonal, No contra-indications.
Can be safely recommended in all age groups.
No withdrawal bleeding. No thromboembolic phenomenon or migraine.
No danger of carcinoma even in prolonged use.
Can be used as a preventive therapy before surgery or tooth extraction

Dosage:
Capillary haemorrhages in any part of the body: Bleeding gums, Piles, Epistaxis, Purpura, Haematemesis, Haemoptysis: 2 tabs three times a day till bleeding is controlled. Then as and when required.
Dysfunctional Uterine Bleeding: Menorrhagia, Metrorrhagia, Metropathiahaemorrhagica, Pubertal and Menopausal bleeding etc.: 2 tabs three or four times a day till bleeding is controlled. Then 2 tabs twice a day for 3 months to restore normal rhythm of menstrual cycle.
Post-abortion, puerperal and D & C Bleeding: 2 tabs. thrice a day from the day loop is inserted for two weeks. Then 2 tabs twice a day for 1-2 months.

Ingredient[Jeevanti, Kamboji, Ayapan, Ashok Chhal, Nagkesar, Godanti Bhasma.]

Indication
Capillary haemorrhages in any part of the body: Bleeding gums, Piles, Epistaxis, Purpura, Haematemesis, Haemoptysis: 2 tabs three times a day till bleeding is controlled. Then as and when required.
Dysfunctional Uterine Bleeding: Menorrhagia, Metrorrhagia, Metropathiahaemorrhagica, Pubertal and Menopausal bleeding etc.: 2 tabs three or four times a day till bleeding is controlled. Then 2 tabs twice a day for 3 months to restore normal rhythm of menstrual cycle.
Post-abortion, puerperal and D & C Bleeding: 2 tabs. thrice a day from the day loop is inserted for two weeks. Then 2 tabs twice a day for 1-2 months.
Bleeding after loop (IUCD) insertion: 2 tabs thrice a day from the day loop is inserted for two weeks. Then 2 tabs twice a day starting 5 days before the expected date of menstruation and continue during menses. Treatment to be repeated for 2-3 cycles.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bangshil Tablet (100,50)

Description
It has Bacteriostatic and Bactericidal effects, gives relief from symptoms in 2-3 days and eradicates bacteria within 2-3 weeks of treatment,
In micturition complaints : relief within 2 days even in resistant, recurrent, chronic & V.D cases.
In severe cases, Bangshil can be combined with urinary antiseptics. It improves bacterial susceptibility to antibiotics.,
It tones up the functions and defense mechanism of Genito Urinary system.
Helps in detoxicating kidney, ureters, bladder, urethra.
It is Safe drug for long term use.
No danger of drug resistance or renal blockage.

Dosage:
2 tablets 3-4 times a day for 2-3 weeks. Then in reduced dose as necessary.,
In Acute cases : as an adjuvant 2 tablets three times a day.

Ingredient[Bang Bhasma, Shilajit, Makshik Bhasma, Chandan, Kasis, Tamal Patra, Dantimool, Nishotar, Vanskapoor, etc.]

Indication
Crystalluria, Cystitis, Frequent Micturition, Oxaluria, Phosphaturia, Prostatitis, Pyelitis, Pyelonephritis,Urethritis, UTI (burning urination, scanty urination, pressure on lower abdomen, fever/chills, dark-smelly urine), In Females : Chronic vaginitis (inflammation of the vagina resulting in discharge, itching and pain), asymptomatic bacteriuria and after instrumentation.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
D2D Tablet

Description
It relieves hepatic congestion and modifies hepatic secretion.
Specific for all forms of Dyspepsia, Gastric troubles etc.
Increases digestion and promotes appetite.
It is highly useful in Chronic diarrhoea dysentery, flatulence,
vomiting, hiccup, enlarged spleen and liver.

Dosage
Chew slowly 1-2 tablets of D2D before and after meals as per indications. Treatment to be continued for 2-5 days. Then as and when required.

Ingredient[Samudra Lavan, Nimbusar, Amchur, Imlisar, Nava Sagar, Jira (Safed), Mari, Harde, Hing, Sunth, Chitraka, Sajjikhar Suddha, Amla, Pipar, Kalanamak, Ajowan Phul.]

Indication
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Defokcyn Tablet,Defokcyn syrup

Description
Safe: Dekofcyn is safe for all age groups, bed-ridden patients and children.
In Bronchiectasis: Disease production of mucopurulent and foul smelling sputum. Makes expectoration easy & smooth.
Increases vital capacity: Relieves breathlessness.
Dekofcyn tablets apart from being treatment for cough, are excellent tonic for chronic and wasting diseases, particularly in chest diseases & tuberculosis.

Dosage
In Acute & Severe Cough : 2 tablets thrice a day for one week.
Syrup : 1-2 teaspoonful 3 times a day for one week.
In Chronic & Resistant Cough: 2 tablets thrice a day for 3-4 weeks ( Suitable Chemotherapy to be continued along with Dekofcyn where necessary).Syrup : 1- 2 teaspoonful 3 times a day for 3-4 weeks.
In Children : 1/2 to 1 teaspoonful, 3 times a day till satisfactory improvement.

Ingredient[Shatavari, Haldi, Ashwagandha, Talispatra, Suvarna Vasant Malati, Abhrak Bhasma, Pipar, Dagdi Pashan Bhed, Guduchi, Amala, Kachura, Vasaka, Praval Bhasma, Suvarna Makshik Bhasma, Vasaka Ghan.]

Indication
Due to URT infections Associated with: Bronchitis, Bronchopneumonia, Bronchiectasis, Asthma, T.B., Post-influenza cough.
Smokers cough
Topical Eosinophilia
To minimize symptoms & hasten recovery in : Common cold, Sore throat, Rhinitis, Laryngitis, Pharyngitis, Tonsillitis, Sinusitis
Safe Ayurvedic remedy for cough in infants & children
Cough due to: URT Infections, Bronchitis, Asthma, Allergic Bronchitis, Primary Complex (Childhood Tuberculosis) Bronchiectasis, Post-measles cough, whooping cough.


---------------------------------------------

Forteg Tablet

Description
Fortege ingredients help to tone-up Genito-Urinary and Neuro-Glandular systems gradually.
Fortege helps in digestion, assimilation and morning evacuation. Helps in decongestion of prostate.
Fortege keeps one alert and fresh. Does not create the vicious circle of Stimulation, Exhaustion, Depression which leads to loss of confidence and chronic Fatigue.
Fortege breaks up psycho-somatic circles at various points and reduces hyper-excitability of higher and lower sex-centers. These factors relieve “Fatigue” and helps normal sex performance.
SAFE: Non-hormonal, devoid of side effects of commonly used androgens.

Dosage
In Asthenia (Fatigue), Stress, and Strain: 1-2 tablets 3 times a day for 4-6 weeks.
As Geriatric tonic : 1-2 tablets twice a day.
In Males : in functional impotence: 2 tabs thrice a day for 6 months
In Females : Menopause syndrome, Frigidity, House wife Fatigue: 2 tabs twice or thrice a day for 1-6 months.
In Male Infertility : Oligospermia, Poor motility: 2 tabs thrice a day for 3-6 months or till wife conceives.

Ingredient[Kauncha Beej, Shudda Kuchla, Safed Chandan, Samudra Shokh Beej, Vardhara Beej, Jeevanti, Ashwagandha.]

Indication
---------------------------------------------------------

G32 tablet,G32 Mouth Paint

Description
G32 is a safe, natural and effective treatment for a range of gum and oral health issues, both acute and chronic. Results procured in clinical and double-blind trials suggest noticeable improvement is experienced within 2-3 applications. Around 50 years old Ayurvedic formulation, G32 has astringent, antiseptic and anti-inflammatory properties. It is useful in the treatment of gingivitis, bleeding and painful gums, shaky and painful teeth, non-malignant common oral mucosal lesions, post oral surgery treatment and oral trauma. It enhances and thickens keratin layer, restores normal orange peel appearance and texture of gums.G32 is a non-toxic, non-abrasive and safe adjuvant in oral physiotherapy. G32 has no side effects or systemic effects and can be administered by anyone with suggested indications or daily oral health management.

Dosage
Use G32 in the morning and at bed time.
Crush 2-3 tablets to fine powder and massage over affected area for 3-5 minutes before rinsing it with water. Repeat two or three times a day as necessary. In conditions where gum massage is not advisable, use G32 Mouth Paint.

Ingredient[Elaichi, Laving, Taj, Jiru,Maiphala, Chikni Sopari, Sonageru, Pipal Lakh,Bakul, Kapur,Pashandbhed, Vavding, Kulinjan, Mari,Pipar].

Indication
----------------------------------------------------------
Leptaden Tablet

Description
Leptaden is a natural, non-hormonal and safe medicine that helps improve the quantity and quality of breast milk. Clinically tested, this medicine has shown to improve overall milk quality by 11.8%. Results prove an improvement in protein, fat, and calcium content in milk, without affecting the quantity and regularity of lactation.
An ayurvedic formulation, this product has no side-effects. It is simple and easy to use by nursing mothers and is useful in the treatment of Lactation issues like deficiency, irregularity, absence of milk and poor milk quality. It is also preventive for women with cases of habitual abortions and who are prone to high-risk pregnancies.

Dosage
Pre-conception treatment: 2 tablets tds continuously for 3 months even during menses (Celibacy is to be observed during this period). After this, once pregnancy is suspected 2 tablets tds throughout pregnancy.


ingredient[Jeevanti,Kamboji]

Indication
Absence of lactation,
Deficient lactation,
Irregular lactation,
Multi-para with history of lactation failures
------------------------------------------------
Liv-compound Syrup

Description
Clean the bile and blood and have a mild laxative action and detoxify the liver.
Promote regeneration of hepatocytes and repairs the liver.
In damage caused by alcohol, inhibits the production of proteolytic enzymes.
In anorexia promotes appetite and accelerate metabolism.
In sluggish liver- an excellent liver tonic.

Dosage
2 Tabs 2-3 times a day for 4-6 weeks. Then 1 tab 2-3 times for 2-3 months.

ingretiend[Punarnava, Pitpara, Kalmegh, Saptaranga, Daruhaldi, Bhangra, BhuiAmla, Dudhal, Kumari, Kakmachi, Sarpankhamul, Kasni, Jhau, Katuka, Galo, Amla, Pipar, Harde.]

Indication
Alcoholic Hepatitis, Sluggish Liver, Loss of appetite, Jaundice and Infantile liver disorders, Early Cirrhosis of Liver, Prophylaxis against drug induced hepatotoxicity, Liver dysfunctions. 
--------------------------------------------------
Myron Tablet

Description
Myron – formula is anti-inflammatory, anti-bacterial, anti-septic, cooling, diuretic and tonic.
Non-Toxic, No Irritation, nausea or vomiting.
Excreted by GU Tract: through mucous membrane and disinfects, stimulates, tones up and regulates functions of GU Tract.
Decreases pH value in both specific and non-specific Leucorrhoea.
An excellent adjuvant to specific/local/surgical treatment.
Special tonic for Females of all age groups.
Excellent restorative after delivery.

Dosage
Myron 2 tablets 3 times a day for 15 days. Then 2 tablets twice a day for 4-6 weeks.
As supportive therapy for quicker healing of cervical erosions after cauterization: 2 tablets twice a day till satisfactory results.
As restorative after Delivery : 2 tablets twice a day for 8 weeks.

ingredient[Hirabol, Lodhar, Dhavdi Flower, Shilajit, VasakaGhan, Guggul, Bang Bhasma, AbrakBhasma, Vasaka leaves, Rasavanti, Kasis.]

Indication
Leucorrhoea, Back-ache, Cervicitis, Endometritis, Pruritis, Vulvae, Pelvic Inflammatory Diseases, Dysuria, Associated Sterility.
------------------------------------------------------------
R compound Tablet, R.compound Liniment

Description
R.Compound is an ayurvedic medicine mainly used in the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis and Systemic Autoimmune Diseases. It is a useful drug in Osteoarthritis, Fibrositis and in various inflammatory and degenerative conditions. It is clinically proved to be effective in relieving pain, stiffness and swelling without side effects.
R.Compound Tablet is used for the treatment, control, prevention, and improvement of Arthritis, Lower backache, Rheumatoid Arthritis, Lumbar Spondylosis, and various inflammatory conditions, it also activates Reticulo-Endothelial System (RES).

Dosage:
For best results, it is recommended that you consult with your doctor or physician.

Ingredient[Suvarna,Mahayograj Guggul,Maharasnadi Quath,Haldi (Turmeric)]

Indication
RHeumatoid and Rheumatic Arthritis,Osteoarthritis,Ankylosing Spondylitis,Frozen Shoulder,Sciatica.
--------------------------------------------------------------
siledin Tablet

Description
Reduces emotional stress on the autonomic nervous system. Reduces emotional tension and gives sense of well-being.
Convenient & reliable treatment for non-hospitalized patients & for those who cannot report personally and after discharge from hospital & care of the psychiatrist.
Can be given along ECT to minimize the complications & side effects of ECT such as memory disturbances, impotency, sexual neurosis. It also helps to reduce the duration of ECT Therapy.
Does not suppress cortical activity & induces natural sleep. Patient remains fresh & alert, when wakes up from sleep.
Completely non-toxic and free from side effects such as Gastric upsets, Sexual weakness, Drowsiness.
Has liver corrective properties & improves appetite and general health of the patient.
Helps concentration & alertness and does not cause drowsiness.


Dosage
In severe cases: 3 to 4 tablets thrice a day. When symptoms are controlled then 2 tablets thrice a day.
Children: 1 to 6 tablets in divided dose as per the intensity of symptoms & age

Ingredient[Sarpagandha, Shankhapushpi, Bhangra, Brahmi, Jeevanti, Kamboji, Vachha]

Indication
Stress, Strain, Mental anxiety, Emotional disturbances, Nervous and psychogenic head-ache, Sleeplessness, Hypochondriasis, Neurosis, Anxiety neurosis, Obsessional neurosis, Sexual neurosis, Neurotic depression.
Schizophrenia, Hysteria, Epilepsy, Melancholia, Maniac, depressive psychosis.
Safe follow up treatment after discharge from mental hospital.
In children: for convulsions, Hyperkinesis, Mental deficiency, Enuresis.
In Females: Menopausal mental syndrome, puerperal insanity.
In Aged: Mental symptoms of psychosis due to cerebral arterial sclerosis such as: emotional instability, sleeplessness & restlessness, memory failure & disturbances.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sooktyn Tablet 
Description
Detoxicates the digestive tract.
Free from drawbacks of current synthetic drugs, antacids, H2 blocking agents etc.
Exerts beneficial effect on the central regulatory mechanism.
Sooktyn is having liver corrective, digestive, mild sedative, anti-spasmodic and soothing properties, apart from antacid properties.
Exerts action throughout the length of the gut and allows thorough elimination of unabsorbed residues and assures normal peristalsis.

Dosage
2 tablets 3 to 4 times a day between meals.
In severe & acute symptoms: 3 to 6 tablets mixed with water, in a single dose.Dose can be repeated as and when required till symptoms subside.
In children: 1/2 to 1 tablet mixed with water or milk 3-4 times a day.

Ingredient[Sookty Bhasma, Kapur Kachali, Jatamansi, Ganthoda, Khurasani Ajvayan, Kelpan Rakh, Vachha, Datura Pan.]

Indication
Hyperacidity, Flatulence, dyspepsia, Nausea, Vomiting, Heart burn, Gastro-cardiac symptoms, Duodenal and Gastric ulcers, Gastric irritation and erosion.
In Pregnancy: morning sickness, Nausea, Vomiting, Excessive salivation, Heart burn.
Children: Gripe symptoms, Loss of appetite Hard stool.
In Dental Practice: Oral acidity, indigestion and acidity due to masticating difficulties, due to wearing of Dentures and Appliances.
As adjuvant to: analgesics, anti-biotics, anti-inflammatory drugs etc., to minimize the side effects like gastric irritation and loss of appetite etc.
In Liver diseases: to complement and potentiate selected line of treatment, sluggish liver.




{
#Query for select random product AT THE INDEX PAGE
SELECT  `company`.`companyName`,`product`.`product_name`,`product_pkg`.`product_size`,`product_pkg`.`product_price` from `company` INNER JOIN `product` on `company`.`id` = `product`.`product_company_id` INNER JOIN `product_pkg` ON `product`.`product_id` = `product_pkg`.`parent_product_id` GROUP BY `product_pkg`.`parent_product_id` ORDER BY rand() LIMIT 6
},
{

}

























